docs(testing): added suggestion for life cycle hooks (#1618)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/fundamentals/unit-testing.md

});
```

> > info **Hint** `Test.createTestingModule().Compile()` does not call life cycle hooks at runtime but they can be called manually for testing purposes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info **Hint** `Test.createTestingModule().compile()` does not call life cycle hooks at runtime but they can be called manually for testing purposes
```

> > info **Hint** `Test.createTestingModule().compile()` does not call life cycle hooks at runtime but they can be called manually for testing purposes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> info **Hint** `Test.createTestingModule().compile()` does not call lifecycle hooks (i.e., like `onModuleInit` or `onModuleDestroy`) at runtime but they can be called manually for testing purposes.
```

Reviewer: Rather than making explicit notes, should we make `lifecycle` link back to the [Lifecycle events](https://docs.nestjs.com/fundamentals/lifecycle-events) page, so that if the names change the documentation doesn't need another update?

Reviewer 2: yeah, that would be a good idea @jmcdo29

Author: where it says lifecycle we make a link that leads to the page https://docs.nestjs.com/fundamentals/lifecycle-events ok?

Reviewer: That's what I had mentioned @Tony133

Author: Do I proceed with the modification?

Reviewer: This is my suggestion, and I think what would do well
```suggestion
> info **Hint** `Test.createTestingModule().compile()` does not call [lifecycle hooks](https://docs.nestjs.com/fundamentals/lifecycle-events) at runtime but they can be called manually for testing purposes.
```

> > info **Hint** `Test.createTestingModule().compile()` does not call [lifecycle hooks](https://docs.nestjs.com/fundamentals/lifecycle-events) at runtime but they can be called manually for testing purposes.

Reviewer 3: Not sure what do you mean here by "can be called manually for testing purposes". If one wants to trigger lifecycle hooks (`onModuleInit` or `onApplicationBootstrap`), the `await app.init()` method must be called. Likewise, to trigger "teardown" lifecycle hooks, the `app.close()` must be used.

Reviewer: "Can be called manually" would be doing something like `service.onModuleInit()` inside the test. Useful if you don't want to go through the `init` process, though I don't think it would add too much complexity to do so

Reviewer 3: This may confuse users that if they want to trigger `onModuleInit` on multiple providers, they would have to do it manually for all of them, one by one. The fact that they **can** simply execute the method manually is obvious IMHO so there's no reason to add it to the docs

Reviewer 4: I stumbled upon this one today and I think I agree with @jmcdo29 that it would be nice if the user knows that the testing modules does NOT fire the lifecycle hooks when compiling it and running inside Jest the same way as with regular runtime and all the lifecycle hooks need to be called manually to have the testing modules initialized properly during test.
